Wake up the morning, drop a big ol' log
Out here, you ain't got time for nothing fruity like a jog
Marry a fat bitch, and die workin' like a dog!
Cowboys in the heartland, bankers in the city
We love cars, guns and big ol' plastic titties!
Lets grab a case of Pißwasser and drink for
the U.S.A.!
Woo!
[Neigh]
Hey neighbors I'm sorry, we're partyin' real butch
Ya oughta speak English if you like it here so much!
Not Spanish, or Chinese, or British, and no fucking Dutch!
Fuck the Dutch!
I said yeah, we're gonna keep them illegals out!
Guns and Pißwasser!
Yeah, that's what the party's all about!
[Oink!]
Getting real drunk, puking face down
Billying and bobbin' while every kid's in town!
[Ugh!]
Drinking Pißwasser, fighting, getting real shitfaced tonight!
Yeah!
I'm a patriotic American, that's my national right!
PIßWASSER: German fighting lager for export only